<html>
<head>
<title>ICAT Client Release Notes</title>
</head>
<body>

	<h1>ICAT Client Release Notes</h1>

	<h2>4.8.0</h2>
	<p>Improvements to the Rest API</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Provide Rest API calls in Python</li>
		<li>Add the cloneEntity call to the Rest API in both Python and
			Java</li>
		<li>Added getVersion() to the Java Rest API and deprecated
			getApiVersion which does the same but has a more sensible name.</li>
	</ul>

	<h2>4.7.0</h2>
	<p>Added isloggedIn call etc.</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Added isLoggedIn call to determine whether or not someone is
			logged in. It returns true if the user has one or more sessions.</li>
		<li>Moved to version 5.3.0 of lucene</li>
		<li>Removed description of old searchText() call.</li>
	</ul>

	<h2>4.6.0</h2>
	<p>Improvements to the RESTful interface.</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Add getSession call for when you know the sessionId.</li>
		<li>Only the one package: org.icatproject is produced and not one
			of the form org.icatproject_x_y_z.</li>
		<li>Add new lucene calls to replace those removed in 4.5.0</li>
		<li>Make it build against a WildFly server as well as Glassfish.
		</li>
		<li>Delete call added.</li>
		<li>Write call added which replaces create and also provides
			update functionality.</li>
		<li>Provide protection against generating too large URLs.</li>
	</ul>

	<h2>4.5.0</h2>
	<p>Fix typo and remove all Lucene calls.</p>
	<ul>
		<li>All Lucene calls have been removed. The are planned to return
			in release 4.6.0 but with new calls targeting TopCAT needs.</li>
	</ul>

	<h2>4.4.0</h2>
	<p>This adds an experimental RESTful interface.</p>
	<ul>
		<li>An experimental RESTful interface has been added to provide
			import and export facilities as well as more experimental calls.</li>
		<li>Some errors have been fixed in the documentation.</li>
	</ul>

	<h2>4.3.3</h2>
	<p>This is a bug fix release.</p>
	<ul>
		<li>The user documentation has been improved.</li>
		<li>The .jar file is much smaller having removed a lot of
			material that should not have been there.</li>
	</ul>

</body>
</html>